NMS-14633: Add alt text to Operation (pt. 2) (#5677)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/operation/pages/deep-dive/events/event-debugging.adoc

| A short log message for the event browser (secure field by default).

| -n (--nodeid)
| Database ID of associated node (or use `foreignSource`, `foreignId` parameters).

| -p (-parameter)
| Parameter in `key=value` form (for example, `-p 'url \http://www.opennms.com/'`).

| -s (--service)
| Name of the associated service.

| -x (--severity)
| Severity of the event: +

> 1 = Indeterminate +

Reviewer: This is the info. needed earlier! We could add this as a general topic, perhaps in the events chapter. I'll create a Jira for it (NMS-15274).

2 = Cleared +
3 = Normal +
4 = Warning +
5 = Minor +
6 = Major +
7 = Critical +

| -t (--timezone)

> | The time zone that you are in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Your time zone.
```

| -v (--verbose)
| Print the raw XML that is generated.

| -V (--version)
| Print version and exit successfully.
|===

Note that parameter descriptions use the percentage sign (`%`) as a delimiter to mark a replacement variable (see xref:deep-dive/events/event-tokens.adoc[]).
If a literal percent sign appears in your description, you must escape it with a `%` (for example, `'testUrl \https://www.opennms.org/ReportSection?filter=FOO_BAR_BAZ%%20eq%%20%%27101%%27'`).

=== Example

Send an event to reload the eventd configuration:

[source, console]
$\{OPENNMS_HOME}/bin/send-event.pl -p 'daemonName Eventd' uei.opennms.org/internal/reloadDaemonConfig

== Karaf Shell

Use the `opennms:show-event-config` command to render the event definition for one or more event UEIs (matching a substring) to XML.

> This command is useful for displaying event definitions that may not be easily accessible on disk, or verifying that particular events were actually loaded:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command is useful to display event definitions that may not be easily accessible on disk, or to verify that particular events were actually loaded:
```
